Cloud Changelog - Feb 16 (#5405)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-02-16](#release-2022-02-16)
- [Release 2022-02-10](#release-2022-02-10)
- [Release 2022-02-03](#release-2022-02-03)
- [Release 2022-01-27](#release-2022-01-27)
- [Release 2022-01-25](#release-2022-01-25)
- [Release 2022-01-11](#release-2022-01-11)

## Release 2022-02-16

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Users are now able to use the channel switcher to search channels across teams if the users are part of more than one team.

>  - Updated the recommended minimum supported Firefox version to v91+.

Reviewer: Should this be a compatibility note rather than in the UI section

 - Clarified in-product error string "Oops!" as "Unable to continue" for both translators and target audiences in cases where a user doesn't have sufficient permissions to add users or guests.
 - Removed incorrect in-product string text from the **Send full message contents** email notification option description displayed via **System Console > Site Configuration > Notifications**.

>  - Added the ability to send unsanitized user to the source user on ``user_updated`` event.

Reviewer 2: Is there a word missing after "unsanitized user"?

>  - Removed incorrect in-product string text from the **Send full message contents** email notification option description displayed via **System Console > Site Configuration > Notifications**. 

Reviewer 3: This bullet point appears to be a duplicate of the one directly above it.

 - Added the ability to send unsanitized user to the source user on ``user_updated`` event.
 - In the compact view, the sender's username is now always shown on posts.

>  - Added a "Create board" button to the Channel Intro section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Added a **Create board** button to the Channel Intro section.
```

Reviewer 3: I'm not clear on what's we mean by Channel Intro section.

Author: Some screenshots here: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/pull/9683. When a new channel is created, there are some buttons and a channel intro text.

Reviewer 3: Thank you! I wonder if we have an elegant way to refer to that part of the UI. @justinegeffen - do we have a standard way to refer to the UI that's visible when someone joins a brand new channel?

Reviewer 2: > Thank you! I wonder if we have an elegant way to refer to that part of the UI. @justinegeffen - do we have a standard way to refer to the UI that's visible when someone joins a brand new channel?

Great question. I'd say "Channel landing page" except it's not really a page. Perhaps "Channel intro header" would work? Looking at the screenshot in the linked ticket I'd say that might work better?

>  - The post menu is now only rendered on the root post when hovered upon.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - The post menu is now only rendered on the root post on hover over.
```

 - Updated Playbooks version to 1.24.1.
 - Update Boards version to 0.14.0.
 - Enabled performance telemetry tracking for production deployments not running in developer mode. This telemetry tracking is disabled when telemetry is toggled off.

#### Performance
 - Reduced the number of menu components listening for keyboard and mouse events.

>  - Rerendering of ``CustomStatusEmoji`` component is now avoided on post hovering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Re-rendering of ``CustomStatusEmoji`` component is now avoided on post hovering.
```

 - Removed the collapsed sidebar menu from the DOM on sidebar collapse and expand.
 - Re-rendering of ``TextBox`` links component below the post box while typing is now avoided.

#### Plugins
 - Added an ``OnInstall()`` plugin hook.
 - Added an ``OnSendDailyTelemetry()`` plugin hook.

#### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where the reply notification setting was still in effect even when Collapsed Reply Threads was enabled.
 - Fixed an issue where running "mmctl config migrate" reset the configuration settings to defaults if the settings were already in the database.
 - Fixed an issue where the custom status menu option was missing the "x" to clear status.
 - Fixed an issue where the password reset link was valid for 1 hour instead of 24hours.

>  - Fixed an issue where the Mattermost import failed if an export contained a soft deleted team.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the Mattermost import failed if an export contained a soft-deleted team.
```
